how the fuk did this team win a fukn game?
all u pussys on last RED team that kept running away from the cart: UNINSTAL NOW
watch me giot fukn balanced
stak n go, typical muppets
gud countersnipn, i only got sniped once
fukn scout takn telly
y the fuk didnt anyvbudy say anything?
who wants to polish my nob?
ill be on the point, where the fuk r u?
know wut suks besides forever maps like this? waitn forever to git on a class a map like curve then getn bootedd right when we 
gun in tunnel on left
i wuz just opening a can of wupass on those bots
nothrillsot sez: GIT GUD
gonna troll ur shit team all nite
whos the piece of shit that stakd RED nad got me autobalanced?
fuk ur shitbag autobalance, i wuznt even fukn ded
bots dont care how much balls u suk
wuts the difference between a bot and a muppet?
u mite do better if u spent more time playn and less time crying
make urself a drink loser
keep the texts cuming
i live in nothrillsot's tint brain
stakrs? teams r balanced
anyone who calls themselves sober, isnt
dipshit left, time to play for real
doym, nuthn cute to say?
where u going? we need a gud medic
syndrome is a disease of the mind
i havent been here as long as u dipshit
please please please stay medic and kill ur team
ur team has lots of gud playrs
this is one of the best maps, way better than boring goldrush and badwater
i wuz getn worried. forced me to go from my f/u game to my d game
look at me while u git sniped, hahaha
distractn them with pizzaz
wut r u snowflakes banning now?
we'll lose, dont worry
only one i know who has a medic permanently attached to his ass
as long as im on nothrills team dont expect me to git on the board
proof that snowflakes r fukn dumb
got 2 of my 3 kills after the cap
nothrill spends her day copy/pastn my texts
i live in nothrill's M/T skull
only thing ignited here is nothrill
u switched to the wrong team ataris
hold onto that nugget nothrill
and theres nuthn wrong with that
tinycuck, mind ur own buznuss
wut bs, i wasnt even ded
when fired udpon i return fire
tinycauk, im not the one trash talkn, git a life
we're talkn about today. only trash is cumming outa u and eumoria
nothrill, u dont know wut the fuk ur talkn about so stfu
dont forget to put ur telly next to the trak
id hide in embarassment too
looks like im the shit sniper here
r u really that dumb?
yea, they r bots and u suk their balls
gonna troll ur shit teams all day now
thanx for the handicap
rtv so e can change maps
only challenge will be how far my fist goes up ur ass muppet
Y R U ON THE OTHER TEAM?
i would if u could keep them off me
all these snipers cant keep the cart clear?
its eazy, sumone hasnt rtv d yet
y r we still on this map?
y didnt u take the telly?
so, we got another team switcher
take ur sparay with u
cant wait to git to second level so we can change map
just cuz ur not ass gud as a bot doesnt mean u should leave
muppets r dropn like rats
2 spys, not that it matters
wut a bunch of biased assholes, u can talk crap but i cant?
ur such a pro, now blow me
lcareful, that may be griefing
deldongo, y dont u play sumthn ur gud at, ill be waitn for ur knife to go in my bak, ruh roh... BAN 
just cuz i calld it like it wuz u wanna ban me?
just shit ur stik already snowflake
lthe snowflakes r meltn the snowflakes r meltn, RUUUUUUUUUUN
im sure u suk a hard one better
wutz takn u gurls so long? these gurls r cream puffs
wuts the count snowflakes?
griefing? telln it like it is u snowflake
welcum to team futile
votepuke u dumb fukn muppet
seriously. u gurls r gonna git rolled
fuk u muppets, im trolln
stil have a fukn gun in tunnel on rite
call out the guns u muppets
gun in tunnel on right
man. any more heat and u snowflakes will melt into nuthn
idle? idle? i got kills. ur just a snowflake
dont push that bbc bak out of ur gapn holes, just wait for full penetration
pussys wont go around the corner while im bonked, just stay in spawn
they r riding a train rite up ur gapn holes
uv seeing u all just stand bak while they cappeda, its not like ur gonna respawn or anything
ahaha, gitn rolled agin
wut? no heals? dats racist
lim not a prophet. thats not wut u pay me for
ill give it a quik tatste, just the tip dipshit
u gurls need me to bonk the gun?
more like i aint shit without a pokt pussy
i refuse i refuse i refuse
this team wont make 2nd cap if it makesd 1st cap by a fukn miracle
always room on team muppet
did u sewe that aimbot?
only getn tapped wuz ur asses
they have 4 medics we have shit snipers
NEED A MINIMUM OF 4 MEDICS
1 MEDIC AND  SHIT SNIPERS AINT GONNA WIN THIS
FUK U MUPPETS, JUST GONNA TROLL. NO MEDICS NO ENGYS 4 SHIT SNIPERS
this game is over, no one wants to be medic
they got a camp behind us
NEED FUKN MEDICS, OR HAVENT U FUKN LEARNED THAT YET
i just started playn medic 10 minutes ago
we need to send out a search party for the other team, they r lost
funny, i pegged u for a 12 yr old gurl
im the only one that can take it
gun going up bottob left
saved me for ten seconds
if ur under me/... uninstall
git gud next round? 1. yes 2. no
u need different loadouts for different areas heere
uv how u muppets need to stak teams
u didnt reads losers text?
then y do u think i wuz talkn to u?
didpshit, were u the one askn for help?
chxnshit, look at my thumb
lhakn? im not a hakr u chxn pos
im gonna team u a new asshole muppet
lets send these bots bak to where they came from
bak to shitwater, u suk
u gave us nuthn, we took it
9 minutes for 5 feet, i dunno
fooshbag, we've all heard a lot worse u biased pos
gonna git ur dumb noob asses rolled now
whos panties were u sniffn while u were afk?
shes afk agin, hahaha
playr in spec is not afk dumbass
afk pos is not afk anymore
now u have a 1 playr advantage, bet u end up sukn their balls still
u useless muppets almost had em
pretty close... to ur intestines
just stay in spawn shit team
only thing u had wuz their cok up ur ass
donyt heal me, this team is trash
THEORETICALLY AFUKN HAK POS
cram ur shitwater map deep in ur muppet asses
SHITWATER AGIN? REALLY? FUKN REALLY? FUK U SHIT MUPPETS
if im anywhere near the top five u gurls fukn suk
shit scramble, change map
if we git to stroika ill upgrade shit
take top rite muppets
take top rite before capn point
just makes me wanna troll
whos the commie that overrode our votes?
lwe play this map all the fukn time
we voted for fukn stroika
u can make another one
1 medic loses cahampionships
just statn the facts maam
3 afks, 2 trolls, this game is over
thanx for the blow job
who cheks other playrs stats? i mean really?
howd id get 2 points? i dont do shit
im talkn bout ur assjuice stink muppet
clean ur stink off me god
trool time till we play a better map
really? fuk u muppets
where'd u gurls cum from?
way to watch my bak from the demo
u fukn muppets suk balls
take all the health muppets, wheres the fdukn dispenser?
fine, ill just fukn troll
who voted for this crap on a friday nite?
all their guns were behind us
hahaha, way to think it out RED
fukn balls fell off this team
with a mouth that big its ese
jeez, haw many pokt pussys do they nedd
warpath would be impossible
i swear to god i will switch teams if u dont let a bot be medic
lets send these bots bak to where they came from... fortnite
ASSHOLE, PLAY OR FUKN LEAVE
ready to send these bots bak to where they came from
who the fuk is hitn me?
how the fuk do u have more health than me when i had a fukn medic? fukn hak pos
i went from #5 to #2, rut roh
critz r fair and balanced
now THAT wuz a valiant effort
evel 3 left side top courtyard
VALIANT? VALIANT? u let a chxnshit spy take down the fukn house
throw spam up in the sniper tower
ataris, how's ur buddy epstein doin?
ur sure know a lot about pedos, project much?
in ur case its a boy u fukn pervert
wtf r u talkn about miss mouth?
THATS HOW U WIN CHAMPIONSHIPS
ur mom still makes great meatloaf
how did i git a point?
the size of his tranny mouth
u r fukn terrible, uninstall
JUST LET THE SPY WALK IT IN DUMB MUPPETS
wow, i handicapped the team and it still won
eumoria, u killd our engy and telly
look at the muppets trying to stk RED
efffen bots, send them bak ... to overwatch
hahaha, she really did
ender, wtf r u doing?
lets send these bots bak to where they came from, overwatch
dont take the fukn metal noob
is ur name deade or sumthn?
doesnt help ur bot team
thats fine when we're all human
always let the bot be medic, my advice to u
u wont teach me anything
steak, u really wanna go  on RED?
i gotta go have a smoke, be rite bak
shit, i thot we were going to hoodoo
i luv the smell of fresh roasted bot in the morning
rtv so we can git to a different bot map
rtv so we can get to a diffrent bot map
i gotta go smoke, be bak to stretch bot holes in a few
ur butthole in prisdon .   ur butthole in tf2  O
yea, u suk. uninstall after u leave loser
u fukn suk, im switchn
all u shit muppets that voted for this shit map UNINSTALL NOW!!
u here ataris? where r u?
evrybudy with less points uninstall
u should put slippery bananas all around the waterfall
no running by the waterfall
fuk u, i wuznt even fukn dedd
team is already stakd
this team suks no matter wut color it is u racist
u r here pretty early. skipn work?
this game is over dipshit
fuk bots, send them bak to wherre they came from
go bak to where u came from muppets
lookout, RED's growing a hair on their one shriveled ball and they're takn it out of their stained panties
i think its frign hilarious
now git rolled muppets
ur gaping maw asked for a troll and u got 1
did u see the opening?
ur 1 medic team has a gapn cavern
i wuz gonna troll the douchebag scouts team, but u got a sloppier hole grimmy. UR WELCUM
u demos r just dying to git stabd
how do u like the handicap muppets?
i know it has no reflection on me
hahaha, who has the sloppy hole now?
holy crap, im on the board of stakd shit
u just figured that out?
hurry up and build an exit u lazy angy
shutn down their spys? i only got killd by spys
u tired of throwing ur hot dogs down these gurls hallways?
tightn it up gurls. they've been throwing their hot dogs down ur hallways all nite long
4 fukn snipers, y am i still takn sniper fire?
we got 3 snipers, y am i getn sniped?
u gurlsz holes r really sloppy tonite
im givin them an open borders policy.
yea, i know, nobudy likes me, fuk u too muppet
cant even git to the fukn cart now
i like that map, but its virtually impossible with gud plays
fukn asshole soldier and medic just fukn stood there watchn
troll time shitbag teammates
n assholes just watch the heavy kill me, fuk u
great, map whee last cap is impossible
snipe the fukn demo putn stickies on the cart
rtv so we can get to a bot map
GO HOME CISCO, HAHAHA
rtv to get to a bot map
u need to rtv to get to a bot map
WE NEED TO CHANGE TO A BOT MAP
WARNING, CHOKE ON MY CRAP SERVER
balls fell off this shit team, and i wnna shove my fist down that chxnshits throat
i think i got 1, woooooooooooooooo
wut the fuk r u talkn about? nobudy likes u
choke on my shit ataris
stand bak while they rush the cart and kill the only 1 standn by it
u missed ur mom's gangbang
i suk, evrybudy below me uninstall
u got nuthn, uninstall
send u gurls bak to overwatch after that embarrasssment
how do u know wut enforcers butthole tastes like?
stak it up stak it up
fuk ur shitbag autobalance
i got 4 kills after the cap to git on the board
u gurls need to tone down the rhetoric
2 over medium on top of the hash browns
chxnshit runin around
u taslk to me worse than that
pussy needs to uber to git me
stak up BLU chxnshit muppets
go bak to where u came from: overwatch
thats fukn embarrassing
I COULDVE LET US LOSE LIKE IM GONNA NOW MUPPET
fooshbag just likn her tampon
we'll send u cream puffs bak to overwatch
y is there human trash on the bot team?
ur trying to piss on my parade
rocketman, y u being a pos?
dont care, ataris killd my incewntive
id tell u where the gun is...buuuuuuuut
lthanx for the pep talk, now wewll be 3 and 7
nooo, calld her fooshbag
team muppet = 2 and 6
thanx grimmy, got me killd
mite as well dance, all this team is gud at]
team muppet =  1 and 5
ataris, y u not carrying the team?
ldoesnt matter, u cant carry this pile of crap
just keep sukn balls all nite long
wut a crap team, how about more shit snipers
u muppets answer my question?
y did u gurls cap without takn the room 1st?
im trolln now, send u muppets bak to overwatch
dont want to embarrass them
all that with 1 mini, nice
this is a great scout map
shitty grimmy left in shame
medics r always at the top dmbfk
says the shit medic who pokts a shit fatty just cuz its a fatty, not healn anyone else
balls fell off u shit muppets
3 fukn medics and we havent capped?
dont be a fukn pokt pussy, heal evrybudy
fuk u grimmy, i wuz almost fukn ded, u were right fukn there
rok and metal lives matter
hurry up and build a telly exit...im waiting
fuk ur shitbag autobalance
itsa miracle, wont git 3rd
sum shit sniper snipe th fukn pyro
wont make 2nd cap with this team
ur nuthn without ur pokt pussy
send them back: to overwatch
how r u faster than a scout u hak pos?
tuf shit, go bak to overwatch
just keep givn me those free bjs warren
i can smell ur rotten fish from here
whoever is stakn BLU, GIT THE FUK OFF
sum fukbag muppet is gonna stak thhis team and fukn autobalance me
lets send these bots bak to where they came from: overwatch
toldja, shit scramble
wtf r u gurls fukn doing?
not always, i do shit
aughta troll ur asses
way to blow bot balls
they're praticing on overwatch
had u on the ropes pussys
y didnt we finish the game first?
way to protect the engys from spys pyro
not if u know how to play it
eat shit creechy, u killd my team
creechy, go to RED, i dont need a fukn handicap
luv how the medics run awy
clueless fukn muppets
1 minute muppets, DO SUMTHN
when u gurls gonna grow ur balls bak?
fukn shit muppets on BLU all voted for this shit map
BLU: r u really that stoopid that u wont take my advice?
1 fukn medic loses games
this game is over with 1 fukn medic
black pepper wuz rite: fuk this server
at least 2 chxnshit spys
fukn vote got me killd agin
and there's nuthn wrong with that
black pepper: fuck this server
wuts wrong with me? wut the fuk is wrong with u?
black pepper, im not sayn this cuz black is in ur name, but hypberion - luv it or leave it
dont pik shitwater u fukn muppets
nominate and pik a real map
thanx for actn like a spy and getn me killed
jeezus crust, we dont need another fukn sniper, we need medics
u gurls r startn to suk
we can go to a gud map now
agin, who wuz the muppet that forced me to change teams?
send u bak to my little pony
who took my fukn spot?
i'll tell u. when mexico sends their people they dont send their best
how did we win with me in the top five?
SNIPE THE FUKN FATTY ON THE SNIPERS LEDGE
sup is this team r ball chokers
always an opening on team 'chokeonballs
theres a new hak in town
shit, i gotta cool my jets now
cntrl shift uninstall
way to choke on balls muppets
caulky, u really wnna go at it?
i wuz trying to spell ' this team suks balls'
ok, i take bak my bad racist words
this crap team is dun
i only douted u for 7 minuest
made me actually have to fukn play
i only doubted u for 4 minutes
thru the fukn wall ,eat my shit hak
my weapon is called 'bak door man'
gud thing they went uber
these bots lagn or is it the server?
fuk u medic, dont fukn uber me if ur gonna take it off when im runing into a fukn gun asshole
this muppet team suks balls
no telly no comms no team
wut r u gurls fukn doing?
shit scramble, i guarantee u
ur daddy left in shame
teabagr, u sure know how to keep ur ass sore dont u?
i could feel that hak
lukiest little shitbag ever
lwut came from trump?
games over dumb muppets
all these engys, 1 shit medic, we r dun
1 fukn medic, not smart enuf to run a couple of ubers in there
we need to send those muppets bak to the shitholes they came from
no sense helpn a muppet team that cant make 1st cap on BLU
i take it u gurls didnt make 1st cap on BLU
we capped as soon as the useless afk fukwad enforcer got booted
handicap afk fukwad, fukn play or leave
sumone tell me grimmy is crawln up my fukn ass
i just wanna send grimmy bak 
lets send those bots and grimmy bak to the shitholes they came from
u said u wanted next point
wut r u doing asshole?
lets send these tf2 hating bots bak to where they came from
boy, ur ears r full of sik
call ragor at gay-rager
we r gonna lose, HAHAHA
shitwater killd the server, AGIN
u really r that stupid
to be ur daddy or ur grampa, u pik
how many pyros we got? y am i getn fukn stabd by a fukn pussy spy?
neeed an uber to take left side
finally, off team chokeonballs
2 minutes to forevere
who u kidn, the game is over
choke on my crap chxnshit
ive only being killd by chxnshit spys
we finally win one and ur crying about balance?
anuther pathetic performance,bak to trolln
after that embarassment u git a troll
remember when the cart wuz just inches from the sloppy hole?
i tell u how terrible u gurls r lately?
close that sloppy hole gurls
seriously, u think ur a better medic than a bot
i havent dun shit and im right behind ev
god u gurls r fukn terrible, i couldv'e capped twice if i wanted
u gurls r fukn terible
i thot u were misch's bitch
u were on BLU thew whole time?
how did i git 2 points?
this team is going nowhere
bitch misch, ev needs u on RED
gotta luv engys that dont know wut they're doing
u gurls r fukn terrible
not another point from me muppets
misch is a team switchn bitch
SWITCH TO RED IF UR GONNA BE USELESS
U GONNA KILL SUMTHN WORTHLESS?
shitbag hak chxnshit spy left
time to troll the other muppets
after that 10 minute embarassment u git nuthn from me muppets
u git shit outa me now
as soon as ur daddy left u tucked ur 1 shriveled ball bak into ur stained panties, way to choke on balls
wheres our fukn sniper?
server is so scarce we gotta go to shit map #1
great job shit snipeers and af fukn k tiamat
3 shit snipers and im getn sniped. wut up?
this team is a sloppy hole
wut did u say enforcer named his anus?
thats wut enforcer named his anus
uv how u take the uber off me so i can die, i troll now
means we'll go bak to shit map
we r out of alignment
sumtimes the stars aline for the other team
u r shit without ur pokt pussy
if u dont see me on the board the team is doing gud
y r their snipers still sniping me shit snipers?
clear the hill muppets
hold onto that hate like a ded friendship. then let it fester and eat up ur insides
i dont say this enuf, but gud job
way to choke on bot balls
muppets go home to mommy
fukn bs, i didnt join
u gurls fukn suk balls
fuk ur aimbot fraggot
wheeres our fukn counter sniper?
wut r u talkn about? there's no D IN UPWARD
i think i got a point, cant tell
ese, com'e mierde y muerte
lets all leave the cart so they can push it in
heere we go agin with 1 fukn medic
uv how u couldnt aford 2 medics on BLU
y u have 2 medics now muppets?
our 1 fukn medic isnt even a fukn uber
im about to fukn switch, u muppets dont fukn listen
thisd game is over with 1 fukn medic
wut r u gurls fukn doing?
 1 medic isnt gonna do it
wut r u gurls fukn doing?
fukn shitwater, fuk u muppets
thanx for protectn the bak
gud thang they got 3 more humans to handicap their team
1/2 their team is bots
u know borneo isnt a bot map
creechy and useless carly were already there, y r u there?
y r u other 2 assholes on RED?
fuk ur vote while im trying to switch weapons
muppets need not apply
u and ur 1 fukn medic just killd ur team
u gurls r soooooo fukn stooopid, wut the fuk did i just say
looks like the partys over with 1 fukn medic u losers
looks like ur playn with urself as usual
say that agin, i turned up my speakers and have them on my balls
i smell a fooshbag, u smell that?
ill keep the bottom, u hold the top
oh, i gotta git on grimmys team
last time u see me at the top
how to lose at upward, starring team chokeonballs
wut r u muppets doing on RED? these gurls r cream puffs
ill troll now that ur a schlong
im # 3 on this shit team and i missed a round
i got here late, fuk u
shit scramble, change map now or i fukn troll
fuk, im gonna git balanced
u gurls really need my help?
were not gonna make it
wut telly r u talkn about?
2 scoops for the donald, 1 scoop for evryone else
10 vs 7, u gurls must be proud
dipshits, the scout is a troll
im not doing anything, but thanx
u see wut i write, imagine wut junk cums outa my mouth
mic + junk = automatic ban
oh look carrie is talkn outa her ass agin
DIPSHITS, THE SPAWN MOVED
wut r u gurls doing buttered buns?
buttered buns, u gurls aint wun yet?
caulky, not 1 more point for ur shit team cuk
how the fuk r u faster than a scout u fukn hak pos?
i tell u how much this team suks yet?
this team suks, im going troll
fuk, i didnt pik this team
u feeln sorry for this muppet team?
really, i wuz behind the fukn wall hak
Ataris: dont git me wrong, im an unoriginal pos
y was my first respawn 45 fukn seconds, and this one 10 seconds?
30 minurte fukn respawn
dont fukn heal me now
trolln now, fukn medics wouldnt heal me
u just want me to fukn troll?
fukn ay, no fukn heals, dont u medics see me fukn dying?
y u go after me and not hungry devil?
hankey is the glue that keeps these muppets together
i think ur talkn about that clit massager
he knows a juicy cok when he sees one
i got 1 i got 1, she didnt measure up, hahaha
yeah, bak on team muppet
muppets win one, yawn
shootn thru walls now hak?
she not like the loser team?
y did boobie switch teams?
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
